Start time: 4:00
Attendance: everyone


Questions for client:

**Accounts and permissions:**

Are users going to be UWA staff and students only?
Account creation (anyone can register or admin creates accounts - depends who users will be)
Who can view/edit/add/delete data?
Different permissions among users?
Are the majority of the users going to be using it for visualisation and results?
Whos going to use the databases? 
Non-disclosure agreement form utilised? Preference for no, most likely leave with security department of sorts
 
**Storing of data:**

Does the department or team having existing database servers or other systems that data could be hosted in or conjunction with?
How are samples currently recorded on the spreadsheet?
How will it be stored on the website?

Questions will largely depend on how they are currently stored, how they will want it to be stored, and how the data will be shared/collaborated on.

We may need to provide guidance here as it is probably something they have not thought about or do not have domain knowledge in.  
Just because it is stored in one manner now does not mean it wouldn't benefit from refactoring such as normalisation or the like when held in a SQL database, JSON data store or the like.
 
Query system built-in? Will calculations of the data be necessary?
Sorting for importing/exporting definitely a priority for querying.
Design of the database system visually?
 
**Account creation:** 

Potential to ask for their interface for student ID? Issues potentially with nondisclosure but if UWA specific that is a good idea.
 
_4:15_

How to actually authenticate people onto the database completely depends on the NDA security risk, would be good to look into UWA security to outreach their security system
 
**Current Data Storage:**

Is this a single page Excel document or multiple pages?
Are the Excel documents uniform or is there variation within them?  That is different numbers of columns, different expected values, different column names?
How many Excel documents require processing?
How is data currently entered into the Excel? 
Is a similar input required on the UI?
 
Will we have 40-50 different types of data to translate into their own database or is it one?
Does it have to be patient specific or is it anonymous data?
What is the data and how sensitive is it?
What’s it’s usage and how do you want to access it?
 
**Sharing and collaboration:**

What do you specifically want?

        	Forum-type setup?

        	Comments sections under grouped bio samples?
Operating System for the Host

Windows, Linux or Other?  This
will help us inform and restrict the development tools, language, data store
etc.
 
What resources are we able to use?

**Programming languages:**
Any preferences?
        	Website front end - HTML, CSS, Javascript?
        	Website back end - SQL, Javascript, PHP, Python?
Is the team using existing tools
like PowerBI for analytics or data visualisation?
Does she or anyone on her team have
an existing skill set that would facilitate a hand over of the code.  This
may be something she needs to get back to her team on as she may not know the
details..  

**Website looks:**

Any specific colours/images/layout?
Does it need branding? Is it just a
minimalist internal workhorse or something that may need to be demonstrated.
Is there an example from another
project or department that can be used as a template?
 
Do we need to be on site to access resources/database? What are the constraints around the sensitivity of the data?
 
 
 
**Critical Questions:**

What is the data and how sensitive is it?
            	Who are the people that need to use the data?
            	How do you want the data to be exported?
            	Will the importing be solely excel?
            	Do you want the website to have a website entry?
            	Is there anonymised test data for testing?
                        
What features do you want in the website?
            	How will the data will be shared/collaborated?
                        
What’s it’s usage and how do you want to access it?
Are there features you’ve used in the past you would like implemented?

What resources are we able to use?
Do we need to be on site to access resources/database? What are the constraints around the sensitivity of the data?
 
What systems are being used currently?
Are there any additional features/capabilities you want from the project?

**_What are you hoping to solve with this project?_**



Post meeting with the client – will have to create sprints in an achievable timeline.
 
Have one person lead the conversation but have everyone/as many people there.
 

General interests in the project specifics:
 
Daniel:
Website
Peter:
Database manipulation from excel
Luke:
SQL database management
Joe:
Website
Simon:
Happy with anything
Leyton:
Database manipulation from excel
 
 
_4:45_
 
 
Developer, documenter, tester, project manager:
 
Daniel: Tester/Documenter
Peter: Developer/documenter/PM
Leyton: PM/Developer/Documenter
Simon: Tester/Developer/Documenter/PM
Luke: Developer
Joe: Developer/Tester/PM
 
 
 
Do these roles have to be evident in the timeline sent for our marks?
Make sure developers aren’t testing their own code
 
Confirm lock in 4PM Tuesday as our weekly meet time.
 
Meeting end 5PM

